CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Delve

Want to help contribute to Delve? Great! Any and all help is certainly appreciated, whether it's code, documentation, or spelling corrections.

If you'd like to join the discussion, join the gitter chat (link in README).

## Filing issues

When filing an issue, make sure to answer these five questions:

1. What version of Delve are you using (`dlv -version`)?
2. What version of Go are you using? (`go version`)?
3. What operating system and processor architecture are you using?
4. What did you do?
5. What did you expect to see?
6. What did you see instead?

## Contributing code

Fork this repo and create your own feature branch. Install all dependencies as documented in the README.

### Guidelines

Consider the following guidelines when preparing to submit a patch:

* Follow standard Go conventions (document any new exported types, funcs, etc.., ensuring proper punctuation).
* Ensure that you test your code. Any patches sent in for new / fixed functionality must include tests in order to be merged into master.
* If you plan on making any major changes, create an issue before sending a patch. This will allow for proper discussion beforehand.
* Keep any os / arch specific code contained to os / arch specific files. Delve leverages Go's filename based conditional compilation, i.e do not put Linux specific functionality in a non Linux specific file.

Commit message:

Update README / CONTRIBUTING docs with mailing list link

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Delve

Want to help contribute to Delve? Great! Any and all help is certainly appreciated, whether it's code, documentation, or spelling corrections.

If you are planning to contribute a significant change, please draft a design document (or start a conversation) and post it to the [developer mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/delve-dev). This will allow other developers and users to discuss the proposed change.

If you'd like to join the discussion, join the gitter chat (link in README).

## Filing issues

When filing an issue, make sure to answer these five questions:

1. What version of Delve are you using (`dlv -version`)?
2. What version of Go are you using? (`go version`)?
3. What operating system and processor architecture are you using?
4. What did you do?
5. What did you expect to see?
6. What did you see instead?

## Contributing code

Fork this repo and create your own feature branch. Install all dependencies as documented in the README.

### Guidelines

Consider the following guidelines when preparing to submit a patch:

* Follow standard Go conventions (document any new exported types, funcs, etc.., ensuring proper punctuation).
* Ensure that you test your code. Any patches sent in for new / fixed functionality must include tests in order to be merged into master.
* If you plan on making any major changes, create an issue before sending a patch. This will allow for proper discussion beforehand.
* Keep any os / arch specific code contained to os / arch specific files. Delve leverages Go's filename based conditional compilation, i.e do not put Linux specific functionality in a non Linux specific file.
