Documentation/usage/dlv_replay.md, before:

## dlv replay

Replays a rr trace.

### Synopsis


Replays a rr trace.

The replay command will open a trace generated by mozilla rr. Mozilla rr must be installed:
https://github.com/mozilla/rr
			

```
dlv replay [trace directory]
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --accept-multiclient   Allows a headless server to accept multiple client connections.
      --api-version int      Selects API version when headless. (default 1)
      --backend string       Backend selection (see 'dlv help backend'). (default "default")
      --build-flags string   Build flags, to be passed to the compiler.
      --check-go-version     Checks that the version of Go in use is compatible with Delve. (default true)
      --headless             Run debug server only, in headless mode.
      --init string          Init file, executed by the terminal client.
  -l, --listen string        Debugging server listen address. (default "127.0.0.1:0")
      --log                  Enable debugging server logging.
      --log-dest string      Writes logs to the specified file or file descriptor (see 'dlv help log').
      --log-output string    Comma separated list of components that should produce debug output (see 'dlv help log')
      --wd string            Working directory for running the program. (default ".")
```

### SEE ALSO
* [dlv](dlv.md)	 - Delve is a debugger for the Go programming language.

Commit message:

cmd: add flag to disable same-user check
Fixes #1835

Documentation/usage/dlv_replay.md, after:

## dlv replay

Replays a rr trace.

### Synopsis


Replays a rr trace.

The replay command will open a trace generated by mozilla rr. Mozilla rr must be installed:
https://github.com/mozilla/rr
			

```
dlv replay [trace directory]
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --accept-multiclient   Allows a headless server to accept multiple client connections.
      --api-version int      Selects API version when headless. (default 1)
      --backend string       Backend selection (see 'dlv help backend'). (default "default")
      --build-flags string   Build flags, to be passed to the compiler.
      --check-go-version     Checks that the version of Go in use is compatible with Delve. (default true)
      --headless             Run debug server only, in headless mode.
      --init string          Init file, executed by the terminal client.
  -l, --listen string        Debugging server listen address. (default "127.0.0.1:0")
      --log                  Enable debugging server logging.
      --log-dest string      Writes logs to the specified file or file descriptor (see 'dlv help log').
      --log-output string    Comma separated list of components that should produce debug output (see 'dlv help log')
      --only-same-user       Only connections from the same user that started this instance of Delve are allowed to connect. (default true)
      --wd string            Working directory for running the program. (default ".")
```

### SEE ALSO
* [dlv](dlv.md)	 - Delve is a debugger for the Go programming language.
