Documentation/usage/dlv_debug.md, before:

## dlv debug

Compile and begin debugging main package in current directory, or the package specified.

### Synopsis


Compiles your program with optimizations disabled, starts and attaches to it.

By default, with no arguments, Delve will compile the 'main' package in the
current directory, and begin to debug it. Alternatively you can specify a
package name and Delve will compile that package instead, and begin a new debug
session.

```
dlv debug [package]
```

### Options

```
      --continue        Continue the debugged process on start.
      --output string   Output path for the binary. (default "./__debug_bin")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --accept-multiclient   Allows a headless server to accept multiple client connections.
      --api-version int      Selects API version when headless. (default 1)
      --backend string       Backend selection (see 'dlv help backend'). (default "default")
      --build-flags string   Build flags, to be passed to the compiler.
      --check-go-version     Checks that the version of Go in use is compatible with Delve. (default true)
      --headless             Run debug server only, in headless mode.
      --init string          Init file, executed by the terminal client.
  -l, --listen string        Debugging server listen address. (default "127.0.0.1:0")
      --log                  Enable debugging server logging.
      --log-dest string      Writes logs to the specified file or file descriptor (see 'dlv help log').
      --log-output string    Comma separated list of components that should produce debug output (see 'dlv help log')
      --wd string            Working directory for running the program. (default ".")
```

### SEE ALSO
* [dlv](dlv.md)	 - Delve is a debugger for the Go programming language.

Commit message:

cmd,pkg,service: support mtls and tls with token.
Ensure the safety of data transmission during remote debugging by mtls or tls
with token.

Fix #861 #1332

Documentation/usage/dlv_debug.md, after:

## dlv debug

Compile and begin debugging main package in current directory, or the package specified.

### Synopsis


Compiles your program with optimizations disabled, starts and attaches to it.

By default, with no arguments, Delve will compile the 'main' package in the
current directory, and begin to debug it. Alternatively you can specify a
package name and Delve will compile that package instead, and begin a new debug
session.

```
dlv debug [package]
```

### Options

```
      --continue        Continue the debugged process on start.
      --output string   Output path for the binary. (default "./__debug_bin")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --accept-multiclient   Allows a headless server to accept multiple client connections.
      --api-version int      Selects API version when headless. (default 1)
      --backend string       Backend selection (see 'dlv help backend'). (default "default")
      --build-flags string   Build flags, to be passed to the compiler.
      --check-go-version     Checks that the version of Go in use is compatible with Delve. (default true)
      --headless             Run debug server only, in headless mode.
      --init string          Init file, executed by the terminal client.
  -l, --listen string        Debugging server listen address. (default "127.0.0.1:0")
      --log                  Enable debugging server logging.
      --log-dest string      Writes logs to the specified file or file descriptor (see 'dlv help log').
      --log-output string    Comma separated list of components that should produce debug output (see 'dlv help log')
      --mtls-ca-crt string   Specify ca crt file path of mtls to establish tcp connection.
      --mtls-crt string      Specify crt file path of mtls to establish tcp connection.
      --mtls-key string      Specify key file path of mtls to establish tcp connection.
      --tls-crt string       Specify crt file path of tls, need to be generated manually by server and set by server/client.
      --tls-key string       Specify key file path of tls, need to be generated manually by server and only set by server.
      --tls-token string     Specify token string for authentication, set same value by server/client.
      --wd string            Working directory for running the program. (default ".")
```

### SEE ALSO
* [dlv](dlv.md)	 - Delve is a debugger for the Go programming language.
