Documentation/usage/dlv_trace.md, before:

## dlv trace

Compile and begin tracing program.

### Synopsis


Trace program execution. Will set a tracepoint on every function matching the provided regular expression and output information when tracepoint is hit.

```
dlv trace [package] regexp
```

### Options

```
  -p, --pid=0: Pid to attach to.
  -s, --stack=0: Show stack trace with given depth.
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --accept-multiclient[=false]: Allows a headless server to accept multiple client connections. Note that the server API is not reentrant and clients will have to coordinate
      --build-flags="": Build flags, to be passed to the compiler.
      --headless[=false]: Run debug server only, in headless mode.
      --init="": Init file, executed by the terminal client.
  -l, --listen="localhost:0": Debugging server listen address.
      --log[=false]: Enable debugging server logging.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [dlv](dlv.md)	 - Delve is a debugger for the Go programming language.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 19-Feb-2016

Commit message:

service,terminal: APIv2 plus method to select API version
New API version with better backwards compatibility plus mechanism to
select the API version that a headless instance should use.

Adds service/test/cmd/typecheckrpc.go to type check the RPC interface.

Documentation/usage/dlv_trace.md, after:

## dlv trace

Compile and begin tracing program.

### Synopsis


Trace program execution. Will set a tracepoint on every function matching the provided regular expression and output information when tracepoint is hit.

```
dlv trace [package] regexp
```

### Options

```
  -p, --pid=0: Pid to attach to.
  -s, --stack=0: Show stack trace with given depth.
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --accept-multiclient[=false]: Allows a headless server to accept multiple client connections. Note that the server API is not reentrant and clients will have to coordinate
      --api-version=1: Selects API version when headless
      --build-flags="": Build flags, to be passed to the compiler.
      --headless[=false]: Run debug server only, in headless mode.
      --init="": Init file, executed by the terminal client.
  -l, --listen="localhost:0": Debugging server listen address.
      --log[=false]: Enable debugging server logging.
```

### SEE ALSO
* [dlv](dlv.md)	 - Delve is a debugger for the Go programming language.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 11-Apr-2016
